DOCSP-42322: Update (#63)
mongodb/docs-scala: source/write/update.txt

``updateMany()`` methods.

Sample Data
~~~~~~~~~~~

The examples in this guide use the ``restaurants`` collection in the ``sample_restaurants``
database from the :atlas:`Atlas sample datasets </sample-data>`. To access this collection
from your Scala application, create a ``MongoClient`` that connects to an Atlas cluster
and assign the following value to your ``database`` and ``collection`` variables:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/write/update.scala
    :language: scala
    :dedent:
    :start-after: start-db-coll
    :end-before: end-db-coll

To learn how to create a free MongoDB Atlas cluster and load the sample datasets, see the
:atlas:`Get Started with Atlas </getting-started>` guide.

Update Operations
-----------------

You can update documents in MongoDB by using the following methods:

- ``updateOne()``, which updates *the first document* that matches the search criteria
- ``updateMany()``, which updates *all documents* that match the search criteria

Each update method requires the following parameters:

- **Query filter**, which matches which documents to update. To learn
  more about query filters, see the :ref:`scala-specify-query`

>   guide.

Author: Broken link, page will be created in future PR

         in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

   * - ``arrayFilters()``
     - | Provides a list of filters that you specify to select which
         array elements the update applies to.

   * - ``hint()``
     - | Sets the index to use when matching documents. 
         For more information, see the :manual:`hint statement </reference/command/update/#std-label-update-command-hint>`
         in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

   * - ``let()``
     - | Provides a map of parameter names and values to set top-level
         variables for the operation. Values must be constant or closed
         expressions that don't reference document fields. For more information,
         see the :manual:`let statement
         </reference/command/update/#std-label-update-let-syntax>` in the
         {+mdb-server+} manual.

   * - ``comment()``
     - | Sets a comment to attach to the operation. For more
         information, see the :manual:`update command
         fields </reference/command/update/#update>` guide in the
         {+mdb-server+} manual for more information.

Modify Update Example
`````````````````````

> The following code uses the ``updateOne()`` method to match documents
> in which the ``name`` field value is ``"Sunrise Pizzeria"``. It then
> sets the ``borough`` field value in the first matching document to
> ``"Queens"`` and the ``cuisine`` value to ``"Italian"``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates and passes options to the ``updateOne()`` method.
The example uses the ``equal()`` helper method to match documents
in which the ``name`` field value is ``"Sunrise Pizzeria"``. It then uses the ``set()`` 
method to set the ``borough`` field value in the first matching document to
``"Queens"`` and the ``cuisine`` value to ``"Italian"``. The code uses the
``combine()`` method to specify multiple updates in one update document.
```

> Because the ``upsert`` option is set to ``true``, the driver inserts a
> new document that has the fields and values specified in the update
> document if the query filter doesn't match any existing documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the ``upsert`` option is set to ``true`` in the ``UpdateOptions`` instance,
the driver inserts a new document that has the fields and values specified in the filter
and update document if the query filter doesn't match any existing documents.
```

.. io-code-block::
   :copyable: true

   .. input:: /includes/write/update.scala
      :start-after: start-update-options
      :end-before: end-update-options

>       :language: scala

Reviewer: S: add line highlighting where update options are created
